In our experiment,
we selected the treatment units, and
all the other stores will continue
to offer facials at $98.99.
They will all be used as
possible control stores.
Once we collect the data, we'll use
tools to help us match control stores
to treatment stores based on
some continuous measures,
as well as some discreet variables.
We need to think through
the variables that we're going
to use to match the Control
units to the Treatment units.
Let's take a look at our data and
see if we can come up with a plan.
Looking at the historical data
available to us, we see that we have
the SKU_category which helps us
identify transactions with facials.
We also have the Gross_margin and
Sales number for each Invoice.
Although, we need to aggregate it.
And finally, we have the region
that each store is in.
Looking at the region field,
we need to determine if the region
has any type of impact on sales.
In other words, did the demographics
around stores in the east region
result in differing sales trends for
facials than in other regions.
In this case, our assumption is going
to be that the region does create
differences in store performance.
Otherwise, we wouldn't group
our stores into regions.
Discrete variables can't be used to
match treatments to controls directly.
To accommodate discrete variables,
the units need to be matched with those
that share a discrete characteristic.
For example, matching treatments to
controls for each region separately.
Therefore, when we perform a matching,
we're going to match stores by
region to ensure the best results.